Deprecated Description added (#85)
test-editor/web-workspace-navigator: README.md

# DEPRECATED web-workspace-navigator

> :warning: **WARNING** This project is deprecated because the Test-Editor Team decided to cut off the RCP functionality  for the sake of the Test-Editor-Web in October 2018 :warning:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
:warning: **WARNING** This project is deprecated because the Test-Editor Team decided to replace it with an alternative providing a less technical view of the workspace, geared more towards the needs of testers, in October 2018 :warning:
```
